Oh my god. Oh my god.
Mr. Miller, are you okay?
What do you do to hurt yourself?
I'm lucky to have not hurt any critical parts. I'm fine.
Mike, call the doctor right now.
Consider it done.
Mr. Miller, there's no reception here. It doesn't get through.
Go to the hotel and fetch help!
Jenny, I'm going to take off your jacket and dress your wound to stop the bleeding first.
Bear with me.
Don't worry, Mr. Miller. I can take the pain.
Cry out if it hurts, okay? Nobody would laugh at you.
It's not a big deal. It's tolerable.
Why tolerate it?
Why tolerate it? I don't know. It's like ever since that passed away after the car accident.
And I was mocked as a walking disaster. I've learned to tolerate.
Are you hurt? Anywhere else?
No.
Okay. Let's get back.
Of the doctor, run a thorough examination on you later.
Okay. Mr. Miller, we're both married. This doesn't look good. Please put me down.